it's haces mi cuenta con la noche cuando
la rotonda said hace como lake in demand
and oselas lo que dia por SI lo que dia
or tacoma bila the top alia jo mera
bacha not a holla told yourself with
already deeply mind no kokoro you need
me Ronnie not enemies on the right Peter
tippity-top if you did you'd be right I
know I'm stop making noise Scott Myles I
destroy con con I ain't got my better
smile let don't you bout it or not
tomorrow to the Sun we follow to the gun
is hot we need one tomorrow showers two
shadows cast / battles looking to be in
the grass and rattles the fast Jerry
vocabulary stick to d Jack the Jerry hit
the replay any time you heard me in my
Lionel nah sound like when the line go
raw how can i gloat umpiring bouncy
fun-lovin thought that we partying hard
otay loci walking with a Talon otha note
about the balloon or haters more lies no
lies 45 sweat you're born in south side
rock theta theta theta theta right check
12 kid mommy I'm really digging the
moves and how you put it on me I only
just keep it true with niggas tell me I
mean I just keep it true your niggas
tell me I mean sometimes I'm left to do
is to party